The master must not agree
This Ye Wuji is alone
How to defeat the power of 9 opponents
Ye Wuji is not a arrogant person
Since he said so
Then I must have confidence in my heart
Two masters
Since this Ye Wuji himself asked for one against nine
I'm a little more natural
I really want to see it
Does he really have this strength?
Since the Goddess has said so
Then I, Freeland Sect, can't afford to lose
Sect Master He, let's decide the outcome
If Ye Wuji wins the two competitions this year
Even if I win the freeland
Hahahaha
President Ouyang is cheerful
It's just that this freesia is going to win
Only by a miracle, I'm afraid.
All disciples obey
Let's go together and let this kid have a good taste
The power of my canopy